Add table alicloud_slb_load_balancer closes #307 (#321)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-alicloud: docs/tables/alicloud_slb_load_balancer.md

> # Table: alicloud_vpc_dhcp_options_set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Table: alicloud_slb_load_balancer
```

Author: Updated

> Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) is a network management protocol. DHCP provides a standard for passing configuration information to servers in a TCP/IP network.

Reviewer: Please update the table description.

Author: Updated

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  load_balancer_name,
  load_balancer_id,
  load_balancer_status,
  address,
  address_type,
  vpc_id,
  network_type
from
  alicloud_slb_load_balancer;
```

> ### Get VPC details that associated with SLB load balancers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get VPC details associated with SLB load balancers
```

Author: Updated

```sql
select
  s.load_balancer_name,
  s.load_balancer_id,
  s.vpc_id,
  v.is_default,
  v.cidr_block
from
  alicloud_vpc_dhcp_options_set as s,
  alicloud_vpc as v;
```

> ### List SLB load balancers that have delete protection enable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List SLB load balancers that have deletion protection enabled
```

Author: Updated

```sql
select
  load_balancer_name,
  load_balancer_id,
  load_balancer_status,
  delete_protection
from
  alicloud_slb_load_balancer
where
  delete_protection = 'on';
```

> ### List SLB load balancers that are created in last 30 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List SLB load balancers created in the last 30 days
```

Author: Updated

Reviewer: @ParthaI I don't see any updates for this suggestion in the latest code. Could you please update it?
